increase max delay and amount for retries for checking back state (#857)
qoollo/bob: CHANGELOG.md

#### Changed
- Use cargo workspace to declare dependencies to avoid their duplication (#821)
- Record timestamp is now passed to Pearl level and used to find newest record in get and exist functions (#708)

> - Amount and max delay of retries for checking backend state in integration tests (#856)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Increased number and max delay of retries for Bob state checking in integration tests (#856)
```
